Training
========

Attack Flow online training provides everything you need to get up to speed.
The training includes 5 sections that start with an overview of Attack Flow,
work through hands-on examples of building flows, and dives into the
visualization tools.

Video
-----

.. raw:: html

    <p>
    <iframe
        width="560"
        height="315"
        src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/videoseries?list=PLALq3Th79NnpW1MWghLM8ea2gc7-0MTn_"
        frameborder="0"
        allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture"
        allowfullscreen=""></iframe>
    </p>

Resources
---------

**Play the video training above.** The 5 sections will automatically play in
consecutive order, or you can click the playlist icon in the the top right of
the video to jump ahead to another section.

**Download the training slides and sample files** so that you can follow along
with the training yourself and participate in the hands-on exercises: `Attack
Flow Training.zip
<https://ctidvideo.blob.core.windows.net/train/Attack%20Flow%20Training.zip>`__

Agenda
------

**Section 1 -- Introduction to Attack Flow**

Provides an overview for Attack Flow: why we created it, who's it for, and what
you can do with it.

**Section 2 -- Using Attack Flow Builder**

Introduces Attack Flow Builder, which is the tool for creating and editing
flows. This section also starts walking through the basic building blocks of
flows.

**Section 3 -- Building an Attack Flow**

Walks through a real-world example of building a flow around publicly available
cyber threat intelligence. We cover the strategy for building flows and then
walk through a detailed example together. Use the sample files linked above to
follow along on your own.

**Section 4 -- Visualization**

What you can do with your flows after you have built them? This section
describes the suite of visualization tools that automate tedious work and/or
generate insights into threats and cyberdefense.

**Section 5 -- What's New in v3**

For users who have experience with Attack Flow v2, you will find this short
video help for learning about all the great improvements and new features in v3.

Live Training
-------------

If you are interested in live (virtual or in-person) training: we offer live
training to all `CTID Participants <https://ctid.mitre.org/participants/>`__
throughout the year. If you would like to attend one of these training, reach
out to your organization's CTID point of contact.

We are also available for conducting live training at conference venues. `Contact
us <mailto:ctid@mitre.org?Subject=Attack%20Flow%20Training>`__ to request training.
